https://huggingface.co/datasets/Mxode/StackOverflow-QA-C-Language-40k

This is a collection of ~40k QA's in C Language from StackOverflow. The data has been initially cleaned, and each response is with Accepted Answer. All data is <1000 in length.


https://huggingface.co/datasets/tatsu-lab/alpaca

Alpaca is a dataset of 52,000 instructions and demonstrations generated by OpenAI's text-davinci-003 engine. 
This instruction data can be used to conduct instruction-tuning for language models and make the language model follow instruction better.

An example of "train" looks as follows:

{
    "instruction": "Create a classification task by clustering the given list of items.",
    "input": "Apples, oranges, bananas, strawberries, pineapples",
    "output": "Class 1: Apples, Oranges\nClass 2: Bananas, Strawberries\nClass 3: Pineapples",
    "text": "Below is an instruction that describes a task, paired with an input that provides further context. Write a response that appropriately completes the request.\n\n### Instruction:\nCreate a classification task by clustering the given list of items.\n\n### Input:\nApples, oranges, bananas, strawberries, pineapples\n\n### Response:\nClass 1: Apples, Oranges\nClass 2: Bananas, Strawberries\nClass 3: Pineapples",
}

The data fields are as follows:

instruction: describes the task the model should perform. Each of the 52K instructions is unique.

input: optional context or input for the task. For example, when the instruction is "Summarize the following article", the input is the article. Around 40% of the examples have an input.

output: the answer to the instruction as generated by text-davinci-003.

text: the instruction, input and output formatted with the prompt template used by the authors for fine-tuning their models.


timdettmers/openassistant-guanaco

This dataset is a subset of the Open Assistant dataset, which you can find here: https://huggingface.co/datasets/OpenAssistant/oasst1/tree/main


